they called me the Man of Steel in 2013
I was I'm America's greatest so the last
hope yeah that was 2013 and you fear how
could that how did that spread out
whereas the 2013 and I'm researching
okay and if still to is coming
well I've joined right now by doublelift
of Team Liquid to discuss how the LCS is
going the last time I've interviewed
Peter
at the only last time and so only time
this has ever happened the camera broke
and the whole file in it I've corrupted
so let's try this again was a couple
weeks ago you haven't shaved in a while
oh yeah actually I should have shaved
this morning is you actually could for
the first time I think you're finally
hitting puberty oh right I'm ready for
this my body's changing that's cuz I
haven't shaved in like weeks probably
because it takes so long for me to grow
facial hair that I just forget sometimes
it's shocking it is actually kind of
there
yeah a little rough and tumble speaking
of your hair mmm-hmm something's a
little too fast this is my best look yet
in my opinion in my humble opinion what
do you call this look I'm gonna love
this one the Peter Pan okay yeah it is a
little different the bro didn't posted a
picture of you that was on the Instagram
did you not see this tweet he tweeted it
at you I'm sure I you never responded so
that's why I guess you get so many
tweets that you know it doesn't you
don't expect it but it's impressive
because it's a picture of you from I
think maybe you're wearing a TSM shirt
and he said he was looking around for ya
was looking for a place to cut my hair
and stumbled upon this do you recommend
winds cutting style Sally wait I
actually know this girl
it's yeah yeah no she used my barber ad
wow I was a lot skinnier then but she
was my barber at
this air salon called nananana piranha
Nenana piranha actually that's the name
and it's Japanese hair salon and then
she doesn't work there anymore so yeah I
can't I can't have her do it anymore
with that that was a better look than
this yeah I just wanted to get it cut
short because it's really hot and I was
sick of having like like long hair gets
greasy er easier I guess actually cuz
you do this all places like the double
lift you just do this anymore it's just
it's just hot okay it's hot and and then
hair gets greasy it's a sick of it my
hair doesn't get greasy ayushman hair
gets greasy if you're Asian you know
what I talking about
alright that game was interesting you
spam come back a ball on Twitter after
you finish it you guys had a rough start
yeah that happened a Jake at MSI as well
it was a game against flash holes where
he got four-quadrant it and usually the
worst thing I can happen you as a loved
one generally as you get three quadrant
rated which means you kicked out of one
quadrant he actually lost both quadrants
and both crabs so it's probably like the
worst possible start for any like
competitive john-boy that I have ever
seen where he's level one at like four
minutes but he somehow hit level seven
faster than the enemy junglers so I have
no idea what anda was doing yeah
honestly squandering an opportunity
maybe like I just don't understand like
your level three you have four minutes
enemy noise level one how did you how
did he get level seven slower it doesn't
make any sense what what were the comms
like whatever all this was happening
were you laughing or panicking or what
was happening no that's like it's cool
we got like him what I was gonna I was
gonna say like we've seen this one
before cuz like everyone know what I'm
talking about but I'm like let's just
focus on this game like just play normal
it will be fine use our team on stage we
don't really get tilted because we have
a lot of veteran players and like we've
seen it always seen comebacks like I've
personally come back from like 12 K gold
deficits in the finals and like had
crazy comebacks that I'm assigned stuff
to so yeah I mean I know we can still
win if we play better than them and we
did hey one thing we haven't actually
had a chance to talk about this and I do
want your honest opinion because I
actually don't know how I feel about it
yet but
the world states got announced did you
see what they did with group-stage yes
like eight days straight now instead of
two weeks so it's eight instead of it
being four days and then you get like
three to three days off and then another
four days it's just you play every day
for eight days straight and then there's
two days off and then you go straight
into quarterfinals by Zach saying
goodbye to aphromoo dad for me like
forever it might be it might be that
might be the last time I see him
you're never gonna that he just retired
are you announcing his retirement after
that gave me they won't make playoffs
and then maybe I'll retire but no uh the
question you know yeah the eight days of
goose stages I think I think like it's
got mostly positive is that one downside
is like that teams won't have those like
two or three days to like recover I
guess but the upside is that like you I
don't know I think it's more of a test
of someone's like a team's endurance and
like adaptability over the course of of
eight days where before it was like how
how much good scrim time can you get in
those three days cause like you'll see
like amazing turnarounds positive and
negative like you'll see teams that do
really well I really like in North
American teams and those two to three
days to start they look like which
may be like by not having that break it
would actually benefit us because we
could keep that momentum going and then
on the flip side I guess you have teams
that you know start off going like zero
it's or 1 2 or 0 3 and then they have
those two three days of good practice
our worlds there's like this micro meta
of like who could get the best scrim
partner is that like who you want a
scrim the teams that you think are ahead
of the curve in the sunset like not
their play but like innocence of like
med adaptations so you want a scrim
teams like the most creative Korean and
Chinese teams mostly where you think
that they're gonna bring out picks that
will like test your limits better
instead of just being the team that like
plays the best so you know like it
always sucks for a North American teams
because we we don't get like great scram
partners at worlds most of the time for
obvious reasons and we're kind of like
excluded from that Club which is fine I
think like if I was a one of the best
news in world I would want to scream I
was either but I'm just saying it could
be good for us
that's all are you worried at all about
the like fatigue or anything no I think
we'll be fine you usually like it's
really tiresome to play multiple A's in
row but that's just the way group says
you play a lot of days in a row anyways
four days eight days it's gonna be about
the same four days first eight days is
gonna be about the same well I'm down
that sounds about doubled not the same
it's just it's a long period like it's
just so either way you have to pace
yourself by the way if you didn't burn
out at four days you're not gonna burn
out at eight yeah
how do you feel about the fact that your
team is just leaving alright goodbye I
refer to my teammates now is my business
friends yeah just business friends we I
don't know they're just leaving me I
guess cuz I've to do this which I
love good good save there you didn't do
your Monday night dinner thing this past
week oh yeah
and we're looking what the thing is that
we're looking for one more and we just
couldn't find anybody to so we just
cancelled this I can do it I'm just
showing you where is he going he's right
he's gonna run a marathon now he's so
pumped after playing mouth it was like
Berlin Naruto run right he was like I
can see the the kunai coming out
see Dorito but I know the run I mean all
right let's go next don't people make
fun of Naruto why should i you're
disappointing haven't watched it yeah
because everywhere I watched like a
one-hour compilation of all the fight
scenes and they're they're pretty nuts
I'm a fan now it's just based on fight
scenes are sick okay so but that's C
versus Oviedo insane but that
that's like me just watching all the
fight scenes from all the Marvel movies
and being like man the Marvel movies are
amazing yeah that's what's your watch
for you won't even watch it for the
fight scenes Marvel movies there's no
story at all I watch it for the romantic
subtext okay Thor and Black Widow what I
don't know it's it's hulking back with
Thor and Natalie Portman don't even
watch marvel but ever happen an ally
anyway I think she didn't want to do it
anymore cuz she was just like a
worthless character she's just like the
princess that needed to be saved I bet
if I was my department I wouldn't do
that again
really you a lot of money okay I did
yeah seems to be how it goes with you
so you're on Team Liquid huh yeah how
are things behind the scenes was Team
Liquid pretty good I think it's funny
that freak said some about how like
our team's imploding like he implied
that eyeballin had problems or something
you see this I don't know that's what
some what people tell me
I actually don't watch any freaks
content so I have no idea but that's
what people told me like maybe in a
podcast or maybe in like stream or
something but he's really uh he's just
making up like our teams our teams
actually we had a really terrible start
to the split where we we're coming off
femicide we didn't have much of a break
like people were burnt out like some
players were in playing solo queue and
then you know we were just getting
frustrated because things change so fast
we didn't have we didn't have we felt
like we didn't have enough time to adapt
I guess and like no one did but
especially us because we had we were the
only team that had to play at MSI so you
know we were we were just feeling a
little little down like negative as a
team overall then you know halfway
through the split like maybe a couple
weeks ago we like yeah we're at mystery
wasn't the best I wouldn't say it was
like toxic or imploding at all but I
think it definitely turned for the
better like a couple weeks ago and
obviously like we've been performing a
lot better since n2u but we we basically
just had like pretty serious talks about
what what we think each players problems
are so you know like we were we were a
lot really open about like every player
give giving like let's say it's like
much my turn or something like everyone
gives me the thing the one thing that
they think I need to improve on or like
one criticism basically and we did that
for everybody and just sort of exercises
like that to be more open with each
other and just kind of like I guess feel
more connected because you know we like
we praise each other a lot we also
criticize each other a lot but I think
like sometimes you can be hard to feel
connected with your business
Trane's let's say you you're like we
worked on our connections with each
other now I call these people our
business friends that doesn't feel like
you connected we're just rolling like
whenever if I ask somebody to go out or
like somebody asked me to go out to do
something with them I'll be like sorry
dude we're just business friends
yikes yikes yeah but you but it says it
sounds like you've figured this out
you're working together it's good yeah
things you go any better I think we're
still gonna have problems like every
team but we have a good framework to fix
them and stuff I think our team is it's
pretty solid I mean like we can come
back we can stomp on our head
I think we just have great fundamentals
right now which is our base strength are
you gonna watch my series that's
debuting on Tuesday with riot absolutely
not the first episode was Ghostcrawler
and that guy's cool you like those color
we've talked about this yeah he it talks
about how he lied to give himself his
first job in the games industry oh wow
that's sick says that you told that to
anyone before I don't know I might be
breaking that news his first job as the
head designer in league of legends he
let know just could yeah I saw the one I
didn't watch it but I saw that you
posted on with Vincent Wang just looking
really handsome and I'll talk about you
in that one a lot of sports yeah okay
I'm not I don't want to let any
credibility to that conversation so I'm
not gonna ask you about it but we talked
about you in that episode a lot cool I
appreciate it I'm still not gonna watch
you it looks really good I think
alien works within is significantly some
of the things he says about you is it's
very beautiful nice um I'm glad I know
you started since my voice sorry crying
halfway through and he said Peter he's
just
that's not Vincent at all well you
should watch the very last few minutes
of the interview that I did with you
because with him because he says
something really nice about you
I think he should you should you would
like that anyway I've got this interview
going with Riot Games new series it's
this new series called
so new series called playmakers it's
every Tuesday and Thursday throughout
August and I think you'd really like it
I'm just throwing them out there because
I thought you'd like it
they called me the Man of Steel
in 2013 I was I'm America's greatest the
last hope yeah that was 2013
and you fear how could that how did that
spread out for as the 2013 and I'm
researching okay and if still to is
coming okay so it's man is steel one
ends in a tragedy yeah but man it's
still - it'll be triumphant okay at 2018
worlds yes yes cuz s Kitty's not there
yeah exactly
anything you want to say to anybody out
there nope chat it's all our sponsors
thanks to all the fans we are working
hard love you guys yeah and thanks for
the shout out on playmakers which is
debuting on Tuesday
I don't read Tuesday Thursday August
that's really nice opee you can check
out the rest of my coverage including
playmakers which is debuting Tuesday and
it's every Tuesday Thursday in August on
my youtube channel
it's nice thing that Omni slash is still
written on this microphone because it
means that at least someone's giving
Travis money to for things like food
rent mainly to keep them off of my couch
and out of my life so please continue to
help support him in doing that like
subscribe comment do whatever it is that
he needs you to do support him